Remnant Logistics Jobs (#6616)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 1 introduction.txt

mission "Remnant: Logistics 1"
	name "Rush delivery to Viminal"
	description `Deliver <cargo> to <destination> by <date>.`
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Viminal"
	cargo "domestic reactors" 30
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "remnant: blood test pure"
		has "Remnant: Defense 1: done"
		has "cargo space" >= 30
	on offer
		conversation
			`You step out of the <ship> and look again at the strange sight of the <origin> spaceport. You still aren't used to a structure that looks as much like it grew from the landing pads as it was built next to them. The dock side entrance is busy; when your commlink vibrates, you have to find a place where the traffic eddies and you can step aside and learn that you need to check in with the information desk.`			
			`	The woman working the desk seems startled to see you when you walk up. You can see the realization dawn on her as she scans your clothes. "Ah," she sings, "you are the ancestral sojourner among us."`
			`	You are getting used to being gawked at, so you take it in good humor and respond by singing, "The Embers guided me to friends I didn't know, and your message invited me to meet a new one."`

> 			`	Her hands make a short series of shakes and a moment later she remembers to laugh for you. The delayed response makes her laugh again, spontaneously this time, and you both join in. When she recovers herself, she sings, "Logistics have requested that we find someone who can carry 30 tons of cargo to <planet>. Is the <ship> available immediately?"`

Author: That's a reasonable concern for existing saves, but this should offer very early in a new pilot's foray into the Remnant, before sign language missions trigger. I'm not sure it needs an additional branch to cover that contingency.

			choice
				`	(Accept the job.)`
					goto willdo
				`	(Decline the job.)`
					goto notinterested
			label willdo
			`	"Certainly," you respond. The job board has been stubbornly empty when you've checked, so a rush job appearing intrigues you.`
			`	"Excellent," she responds in a full alto, "I will let the project manager know the cargo will arrive promptly." She signs what you think is a farewell and turns to address someone else who has stepped up.`
			`	You manage to chant and point your way through the cafeteria line, and you are aware of the flurry of signs around you. There doesn't seem to be a way to pay, so you find a table and sit alone until your commlink chimes to let you know that the <ship> has been refueled and the mystery cargo loaded.`
				accept
			label notinterested
			`	"That is unfortunate," she sings as she makes a notation on her terminal. "But there will be others who are willing to help."`
				decline
	on complete

> 		payment

Author: I've had contradictory advice on where these jobs should be positioned in terms of amounts. They are are most one system jobs, initially constrained to small payloads. The Remnant also have a number of highly lucrative jobs floating around. I'm going to defer any changes on the amounts to @Zitchas.

		conversation
			`You step off the <ship> in <planet> to see a man wandering around your ship taking video with a datapad and softly dictating some running commentary. He dodges around the dock workers unloading and refueling, seemingly intent on recording every aspect of your ship.`

> 			`	"Cousin!" he sings with excitement, when you walk up to him. "It is good to meet you and to see your wonderful ship. I've only seen such designs in our historical entertainments." He holds up the datapad facing you and says, I am making a video for my companion. He will not believe me unless I have proof, and maybe not even then!" he laughs. You wave awkwardly at the camera and are relieved when he stops recording.`  

Author: > One problem here: There's not guarantee that the player is flying a ship from ancestral human space. If it triggers soon after the player meets these conditions then they likely are, but they _might_ not get this mission until after they have earned their license and are flying something like a gull or starling.

I can't find a way to determine what kind of ship the player is flying, so I can't be too granular in approaching this. I've adjusted the conversation to be broader than ancestral (e.g. Hai ships), but it will still read oddly if they have a Remnant ship.

> 			`	"Cousin!" he sings with excitement, when you walk up to him. "It is good to meet you and to see your wonderful ship. I've only seen such designs in our historical entertainments." He holds up the datapad facing you and says, I am making a video for my companion. He will not believe me unless I have proof, and maybe not even then!" he laughs. You wave awkwardly at the camera and are relieved when he stops recording.`  

Reviewer: That's probably the best we can do. There isn't, as far as I can tell, a way to pinpoint specific ships (or families of ships), although I really wish there was.

			`	"I hope I have not offended you. I get carried away looking at ships."`

> 			`	You worry briefly that he is going to interrogate you about the <ship> when he continues, I am named Eon. Would you have time to talk about logistics support?"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You worry briefly that he is going to interrogate you about the <ship> when he continues, "I am named Eon. Would you have time to talk about logistics support?"`
```

			choice
				`	"You put reactors in your houses?"`
					goto houses
				`	(Nod to continue.)`
					goto delivery
			label houses
			`	"You do not?" he responds playfully. "We maintain a decentralized power grid so we have more resiliency in the event of an attack or natural disaster. It also makes use of the power plants we salvage from the Korath and ones we recover from our own damaged ships. Besides, widely deploying the technology ensures that we have expertise to maintain and repair it all across the Remnant. But," he signs a pushing motion, "civil engineering is another subject. I hope you are more interested in how we move our various cargoes."`
				goto delivery
			label delivery
			`	You nod to agree and he continues, "Those reactors were originally scheduled for delivery 30 days from now, but they were ready earlier and the project is able the install them now. So, by bringing them over, you have enabled us to move the project forward and free up delivery capacity next month."`
			`	"So, why did you offer this work to me?" you ask, trying to mimic the gestures you've seen that you think refer to one's self.`

> 			`	He smiles and responds, "Very good! Very good! We schedule everything, but we maintain slack in the system to take advantage of opportunities like the reactors being ready early, or to deal with emergencies. Sometimes, of course, we have to drop everything and sort the schedule out later. But, in normal times, we publish these jobs on the job board and captains that have capacity available can pick them up. The projects provide resource allocations to cover operating and crew costs, but there is no...what is the word? Margin, yes! Since your ship is not in our planned resources, you provide extra capacity, and we might be able to move some of our larger projects forward when you are in our space.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	He smiles and responds, "Very good, very good! We schedule everything, but we maintain slack in the system to take advantage of opportunities like the reactors being ready early, or to deal with emergencies. Sometimes, of course, we have to drop everything and sort the schedule out later. But, in normal times, we publish these jobs on the job board and captains that have capacity available can pick them up. The projects provide resource allocations to cover operating and crew costs, but there is no... what is the word? Margin, yes! Since your ship is not in our planned resources, you provide extra capacity, and we might be able to move some of our larger projects forward when you are in our space.`
```

> 			choice
> 				`	"Will your pilots be upset at the competition?"`
> 					goto competition
> 				`	"Thanks for the opportunity."`
> 					goto thanks
> 			label competition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			choice
				`	"Thanks for the opportunity."`
					goto thanks
				`	"Will your pilots be upset at the competition?"`
```
As the others, moving the "short path through the conversation" to the first option, and removing the unnecessary goto + label.

> 			`	Eon smiles at the question. "You should talk to the other pilots and see, but I think the ancestral approach is different. We work more like a military: the ships are owned by the Remnant, but each captain is responsible for the ship, the crew, and the transport work that needs to be done. I think they will be happy to see new homes being built for   families, and," -he winks at you- "spending more time with their own."`

Reviewer 3: Ix-nay the ex-say.
```suggestion
			`	Eon smiles at the question. "You should talk to the other pilots and see, but I think the ancestral approach is different. We work more like a military: the ships are owned by the Remnant, but each captain is responsible for the ship, the crew, and the transport work that needs to be done. I think they will be happy to see our projects progress faster, alongside having time freed to use elsewhere."`
```

> 			`	Eon smiles at the question. "You should talk to the other pilots and see, but I think the ancestral approach is different. We work more like a military: the ships are owned by the Remnant, but each captain is responsible for the ship, the crew, and the transport work that needs to be done. I think they will be happy to see new homes being built for   families, and," -he winks at you- "spending more time with their own."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Eon smiles at the question. "You should talk to the other pilots and see, but I think the ancestral approach is different. We work more like a military: the ships are owned by the Remnant, but each captain is responsible for the ship, the crew, and the transport work that needs to be done. I think they will be happy to see new homes being built, and freeing up more time to spend with the community."`
```

As a general thematic note, the Remnant have a stronger community orientation than is otherwise typical for humanity, so they're more likely to talk about spending time with their community than with their families; even if their families *is* where they would probably be focused.

				goto thanks
			label thanks
			`	Before you can ask more about transport jobs, Eon takes out his commlink and taps on it for a few minutes. "You now have access to the logistics job board. You should be able to see our current job list for each system when you check."`

> 			`	You chat with Eon about how you've outfitted the <ship> as you finish your...coffee. Then, his commlink chirps. As he stands, he signs what you think means "goodbye" as he says he has to leave for another meeting. He walks off quickly with his head down looking at the datapad. Your commlink notifies you that <payment> have been added to your account.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You continue to chat with Eon as you drink your coffee. When you finish, his commlink chirps. As he stands, he signs what you think means "goodbye" as he says he has to leave for another meeting. He walks off quickly with his head down looking at the datapad. Your commlink notifies you that <payment> have been added to your account.`
```

Reviewer: Personal preference: I dislike coffee, and won't even contemplate my characters drinking it. So I'd prefer to read about my pilot drinking their beverage; but that's fairly minor.

			label stormend
			`	"Thanks for the ride, Captain. I have to get working on this data, but if you are interested in helping some more, I hope to have more research expeditions planned soon."`

mission "Remnant: Logistics 1"
	name "Rush delivery to <planet>"
	description `Deliver <cargo> to <destination> by <date>.`
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Viminal"
	cargo "domestic reactors" 30
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "remnant: blood test pure"
		has "Remnant: Defense 1: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You step out of the <ship> and look again at the strange sight of the <origin> spaceport. You still aren't used to a structure that looks as much like it grew from the landing pads as it was built next to them. The dock side entrance is busy; when your commlink vibrates, you have to find a place where the traffic eddies and you can step aside and learn that you need to check in with the information desk.`			
> 			`	The woman working the desk seems startled to see you when you walk up. You can see the realization dawn on her as she scans your clothes. "Ah," she sings, "you are the ancestral sojourner among us."`
> 			`	You are getting used to being gawked at, so you take it in good humor and respond by singing, "The Embers guided me to friends I didn't know, and your message invited me to meet a new one."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You step out of the <ship> amidst the strange sight of the <origin> spaceport. The structures that surround the landing pads looks as much grown as built, and they see to merge into the landing pads themselves. As usual, the dock entrance is busy; when your commlink vibrates, you have to find a place where the traffic eddies and you can step aside and learn that you need to check in with the information desk.`			
			`	The woman working the desk seems startled to see you when you walk up. You can see the realization dawn on her as she looks you over with a practised eye. "Ah," she sings, "you are the ancestral sojourner among us."`
			`	It is typical for people to gawk at, so you respond by singing, "The Embers guided me to friends I didn't know, and your message invited me to meet a new one."`
```

@W1zrad Could you take a look at this adjusted text please?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`You step out of the <ship> amidst the strange sight of the <origin> spaceport. The structures that surround the landing pads look as much grown as built, and they seem to merge into the landing pads themselves. As usual, the dock entrance is busy; when your commlink vibrates, you have to find a place where the traffic eddies so you can step aside. When you do, you learn you need to check in with the information desk.`
			`	The woman working the desk seems startled to see you when you walk up. You can see the realization dawn on her as she looks you over with a practiced eye. "Ah," she sings, "you are the ancestral sojourner among us."`
			`	It is typical for people to gawk at you, so you respond by singing, "The Embers guided me to friends I didn't know, and your message invited me to meet a new one."`
```
Just a few edits for flow and proofreading. Looks good!
